update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/gantt-for-web-forms-how-to-create-a-custom-task-details-dialog: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T948017)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
## Gantt for  Web Forms - How to implement a custom Task Details dialog 
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/311753879/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to implement a custom **Task Details** dialog for the Gantt control. 

![Custom Task Details dialog](custom-task-details-dialog.png)

To display a custom dialog, you should cancel the default dialog showing and display a custom dialog instead. In this example, the custom dialog is implemented using the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl).

1. Create [PopupControl](./CS/DXWebApplication/Default.aspx#L87) with the FormLayout inside. Adjust editors in the FormLayout.

> 2. Handle the client-side [TaskDblClick](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGantt.TaskDblClick) event and cancel the default dialog showing. Display your custom dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Handle the client-side [TaskDblClick](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGantt.TaskDblClick) event and prevent the default dialog from showing and display your custom dialog.
```

    ```js
    function onTaskDblClick(s, e) {
        e.cancel = true;
        hiddenField.Clear();
        hiddenField.Add("taskKey", e.key);
        customTaskDetailsPopup.Show();
    }
    ```

> 3. In the popup's [Shown](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientPopupControlBase.Shown) event handler, call the [GetTaskData](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGantt.GetTaskData%28key%29) method to obtain an edited task data. [Specify values](./CS/DXWebApplication/Default.aspx#L28) of editors in the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the popup's [Shown](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientPopupControlBase.Shown) event handler, call the [GetTaskData](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGantt.GetTaskData%28key%29) method to obtain an edited task's data. [Specify values](./CS/DXWebApplication/Default.aspx#L28) of editors in the dialog.
```
